map/framework_agreements: update guidance steps to use OCDS 1.2 fields (#1549)
open-contracting/standard: docs/guidance/map/framework_agreements.md

* In the `tender` section, set:
  * `tender.techniques.hasFrameworkAgreement` to `true`.
  * `tender.contractPeriod` to the duration of the framework agreement.

>   * `tender.maximumValue` to the maximum value of the framework agreement and/or `tender.value` to the estimated value of the framework agreement (the values can be different e.g. if the budget for the framework agreement contains a reserve in case of an unforseen situation, but the situation is unlikely to occur).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `tender.maximumValue` to the maximum value of the framework agreement and/or `tender.value` to the estimated value of the framework agreement (the values can be different e.g. if the budget for the framework agreement contains a reserve in case of an unforeseen situation, but the situation is unlikely to occur).
```

* In the `tender` section, set:
  * `tender.techniques.hasFrameworkAgreement` to `true`.
  * `tender.contractPeriod` to the duration of the framework agreement.

>   * `tender.maximumValue` to the maximum value of the framework agreement and/or `tender.value` to the estimated value of the framework agreement (the values may be different e.g. if the budget for the framework agreement contains a reserve in case of an unforseen situation, but the situation is unlikely to occur).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `tender.maximumValue` to the maximum value of the framework agreement and/or `tender.value` to the estimated value of the framework agreement (the values can be different e.g. if the budget for the framework agreement contains a reserve in case of an unforseen situation, but the situation is unlikely to occur).
```

  * If the framework agreement is closed, set `tender.tenderPeriod.endDate` to the deadline for responses to the invitation.
  * If the framework agreement is open, set `tender.tenderPeriod.endDate` to the last date that new suppliers can be added.

### First-stage selection and addition of suppliers to the framework agreement

* Create a release with the **same** `ocid` as the tender release and add 'award' to the `tag` array
* Add an `Award` object to the `awards` array.

> * In the `Award` section, set `award.maximumValue` to the maximum value fo the framework agreement and/or `awards.estimatedValue` to the estimated value fo the framework agreement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the award's `.maximumValue` to the maximum value of the framework agreement and/or its `.estimatedValue` to the estimated value of the framework agreement.
```

> * In the `Contract` section, set `contract.maximumValue` to the maximum value of the framework agreement and/or `contract.estimatedValue` to the stimated value of the framework agreement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The discussion had continued in #1301, and `contracts` were removed from this page.
